Pi Developer Guide
Pi New Developer Onboarding Guide
Welcome to Pi’s home of documentation for new developers. We are excited that you are interested in joining our Ecosystem. This guide is intended to introduce you to all the topics relevant to getting started with building on Pi.

Welcome!
Scroll to read more about Pi Network or head over to the Getting Started Checklist to begin building.

Pi’s Vision
Pi vision is to build the world’s most inclusive peer-to-peer ecosystem and online experience, fueled by Pi, the world’s most widely used cryptocurrency.

Pi delivers on the true promise of blockchain: a massive, accessible, and open community powered by the world’s most widely distributed cryptocurrency that enables a robust ecosystem for members, merchants and developers alike. Founded in 2018 by a team of early innovators in blockchain and social computing, with PhDs from Stanford University, Pi Network is a utilities-based ecosystem for third-party apps on a mobile web platform, with widespread (rather than concentrated) token distribution. The blockchain platform offers a mobile-first mining approach, with low financial cost and a light environmental footprint within the crypto space. The community boasts an engaged 60M+ members in over 230 countries or regions.

Pi Network Mobile Apps
There are two apps that users are required to download in order to join the ecosystem.

The first is Pi Mining App; this is Pi’s original mining app and the home of Pi’s unique mining mechanism. Downloading Pi App and creating an account allows anyone to participate in the ecosystem and mine Pi.

Pi App is available for Android and iOS.

The second is the Pi Browser, which is the mobile web platform for the Pi ecosystem. This is the window through which Pioneers (users and members of the Pi community) experience community developers’ applications. There is a more detailed explanation on the Pi Browser within the “Getting Started” category.

Pi Browser is available for Android and iOS.

Developers with Android phones that don’t have access to the Google Play Store can instead use the APKs for Pi App and Pi Browser.

Documentation
There are two approaches to onboarding.

The first option is to use this guide and move through its various categories. It will cover getting set up all the way through to processing payments. Head over to the Getting Started category and start with the Pi Browser Introduction.

The second option is to head over to our Demo App and Blogs page and check out code that others used to integrate Pi and jump right into getting it setup.

Whitepaper
The Original Pi Whitepaper was published on PiDay, March 14, 2019. While our original vision remains unchanged, the details of this whitepaper are not fully up to date. On December 28, 2021, along with the release of the Enclosed mainnet, we published three draft chapters of the Updated Whitepaper, detailing the Pi token token model and mining mechanism as well as the project’s roadmap.

Developer Terms of Service
By accessing or using any part of the Pi Network Developer tools and resources, you agree that you are subject to and will comply with the Pi Network Developer Terms of Use.

Back to top

Pi Network 2025

Edit this page on GitHub